[PT: 2] FPS Import - Template Proposals (#479)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: src/fps/FPS.md

### Task Template Files

> Task templates allow task developers to create new tasks without writing any Solidity code. The templates are designed to be as flexible as possible, allowing developers to create tasks that update multiple parameters for a single or superchain. Templates are currently in development and will be released in a future PR.

Reviewer: Can we change the name of this file to something other than FPS.md? Is that outdated now?

> Task templates allow task developers to create new tasks without writing any Solidity code. The templates are designed to be as flexible as possible, allowing developers to create tasks that update multiple parameters for a single or super chain. Templates are currently in development and will be released in a future PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task templates allow task developers to create new tasks without writing any Solidity code. The templates are designed to be as flexible as possible, allowing developers to create tasks that update multiple parameters for a single or superchain. Templates are currently in development and will be released in a future PR.
```
nit

The mainnet configuration file for task template example 00 can be found here: [task-00/mainnetConfig.toml](./example/task-00/mainnetConfig.toml)

```toml
[gasConfigs]
gasLimits = [{chainId = 291, gasLimit = 100000000}, {chainId = 1750, gasLimit = 100000000}]
```

> This toml configuration file allows task developers to set gas limits for the task. After the changes are applied in the simulation, validations are run that the new values are the expected values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This toml configuration file allows task developers to set gas limits for the task. After the changes are applied in the simulation, validations are run to ensure that the new values are the expected values.
```
